#summary Older What's New entries from the main page.

= Introduction =

When the number of entries in the What's New section on the main home page gets too long, copy the older ones here and delete them from the main home page.

===September 9th, 2009: New Release!===

Hi everyone, the SVG Web team has another release packed with lots of goodness. 

Starting now we are giving releases not only a date stamp but also simple names, taken from the classic [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fiend_Folio Fiend Folio] D&D monster manual. Why? Because the world needs more cheesy release names.

Notable highlights of the svgweb-2009-09-09 release, also known as the [http://codinginparadise.org/monsters/owlbear.jpg Owlbear] release ("Terrifying: the body of a bear... the head of an owl"):
      * View source - You can now right click on an Flash SVG image and view the SVG source
      * Huge improvements to the resizing code - the size of SVG objects on the page now change based on the zoom factor, resizing the window, etc.
      * Performance improvements
      * The demo.html file is much more robust now  
      * getScreenCTM, matrix inversions, createSVGPoint, and SVGPoint.matrixTransform are now implemented
      * The internal !JavaScript architecture has been cleaned up and simplified for Internet Explorer

Learn more:
      * [http://code.google.com/p/svgweb/wiki/ReleaseNotes#svgweb-2009-09-09-Owlbear.zip_(_) Full release note details]
      * [http://svgweb.googlecode.com/files/svgweb-2009-09-09-Owlbear.zip svgweb-2009-09-09-Owlbear.zip Download]

----

===*August 20th, 2009: New Release!*===
[http://svgweb.googlecode.com/files/svgweb-2009-08-20-B.zip svgweb-2009-08-20.zip] - Another release with performance improvements and important bug fixes. The [http://codinginparadise.org/projects/svgweb/docs/QuickStart.html#document_fragment DocumentFragment] API is now implemented; page load time is faster; important bug fixes for path and entity handling are present; and several page onload bugs have been knocked out. See the [http://code.google.com/p/svgweb/wiki/ReleaseNotes#svgweb-2009-08-20.zip_(_) full Release Notes] for this release for details.

----

===*August 11th, 2009: New Release!*===
[http://svgweb.googlecode.com/files/svgweb-2009-08-11-C.zip svgweb-2009-08-11-C.zip] - The focus of this release is performance and bug fixes. [http://codinginparadise.org/projects/svgweb/docs/QuickStart.html#tip_suspendRedraw suspendRedraw is now implemented], Flash/JS communication is faster, and there are some great bug fixes on the Flash side mostly related to event handling. See the [http://code.google.com/p/svgweb/wiki/ReleaseNotes#svgweb-2009-08-11.zip_(_) full Release Notes] for details.

----

===*July 28th, 2009: New Release!*===
[http://svgweb.googlecode.com/files/svgweb-2009-07-28.zip svgweb-2009-07-28.zip] - Big changes include a new [http://codinginparadise.org/projects/svgweb/docs/QuickStart.html Quick Start guide] to get going fast; [http://code.google.com/p/svgweb/issues/detail?id=159 a small embedded web server] (Jetty) to make development easier; [http://code.google.com/p/svgweb/issues/detail?id=157 simple utilities] for setting the MIME types necessary for SVG Web if you don't have admin access; a [http://code.google.com/p/svgweb/issues/detail?id=174 config.html utility] to make QAing installation issues easier; and lots of bug fixes (16 issues closed)! See the [http://code.google.com/p/svgweb/wiki/ReleaseNotes#svgweb-2009-07-28.zip_(_) full Release Notes] for this release for details. [http://svgweb.googlecode.com/files/svgweb-2009-07-28.zip Download] it now. Please keep in mind SVG Web is still in alpha, so expect to help us by [http://code.google.com/p/svgweb/issues/list filing bugs] :)