#summary Projects using SVG Web.
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

Please feel free to edit this page and add your project if you are using SVG Web!


= Projects Using SVG Web Either Deployed or In Development =

   * *Browser Based !AutoCad DXF Viewer*: An open source web-based application that can view !AutoCad DXF files. Also uses the open source [http://kabeja.sourceforge.net/ Kabeja project], a Java application that runs on the server, to convert the DXF to SVG. [http://www.desenhe.com/node/15 Blog post in Brazilian Portuguese].
   * *[http://www.staratlas.com/ Star Atlas]*: Determines your geographic position and then dynamically draws a star chart based on the stars in the sky.
   * *[http://vis.uell.net/gsvg/poppyr.html Population Pyramid]*: Displays population statistics using SVG; can dynamically change the language of the SVG image, as well as animate based on population growth.
   * *[http://wahlatlas.net Election Atlas Germany wahlatlas.net]*: (German for election atlas). Lets you analyze the regional patterns in election results and demographic data as well as previous election. General election in Germany is Sept 27th 2009. After polling stations close live results will be displayed using a performance optimized map where all the path data is embedded via the object tag as people are likely to hit reload very often - via @mneutze
   * Wikipedia is working on an [http://techblog.wikimedia.org/2009/07/svg-for-all-with-flash/ SVG zoom tool] in conjunction with SVG Web.
   * [http://vis.uell.net/gsvg/poppyr.html Animated Population Pyramid]: This is an adaptation of the animated population pyramids, that are available at national statistical offices from the UK and Germany. This graph shows the age distribution for men and women for each year from 1950 to 2050, which is a graphical representation of 20k datapoints. Animating through this time series illustrates how population projections can build a lot on the demographic data already available. Thanks to the SVG Web project this data-driven graph can now be made available to many more people. You can play with this diagram in the following languages: en/de/fr/es/ru.
   * See Flex SVG Explorer with sample SVG graphics from this project and clipart.org: http://www.randomfractals.com/lab/FlexSVGExplorer/FlexSVGExplorer.html Flex SVG Explorer uses SVG Web library to load SVG graphics in Flash and preview SVG markup. This app is open source and could be a good starting point for the demo or testing of SVG Web !ActionScript api.
   * !MoinMoin: Wiki Engine in Python. It is currently being built in moin/2.0-storage repo.
   * [http://github.com/imanel/svg_web/tree/master Plugin for Ruby on Rails] based on SVG Web.
   * [http://automatist.org/poc/svg/spin.html SVG Spinning] - Spins all the paths in an SVG file as a cool effect.
   * *[http://bugs.dojotoolkit.org/ticket/9948 Dojo GFX Running on SVG Web]*: The Dojo Toolkit is actively working on SVGWeb integration as an alternate renderer for Dojo GFX. - via @ccmitchellusa
   * *[https://plugins.atlassian.com/plugin/details/13360 svgweb4a]*: Confluence plugin that renders SVG content using svgweb - via @patrick.roumanoff